♪ I swam all
around the world ♪
♪ I've seen this ocean
on my own ♪
♪ And then I found
my way to Reeftown ♪
♪ And I knew that
I'd found my home ♪
♪ I met my friend
Bubbles here ♪
♪ Our friendship
is the best ♪
[all]
♪ Oh, dive in ♪
- ♪ Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
[all] ♪ We're making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ Come along with us
and see it all ♪
♪ With pals
like Dunk and Ripple ♪
♪ We'll explore
this world together ♪
[both] ♪ When you share
adventures with your friends ♪
♪ It makes them
so much better ♪
[all] ♪ Oh, dive in,
Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
- [all] ♪ We're making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ In this world
beyond belief ♪
[all] ♪ Come see
the greatest reef ♪
♪ Oh, dive in,
Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
- [all] ♪ Start making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ Come along with us,
dive right in ♪
♪ Da da da da da ♪
- Ha-ha! Check it out!
- Whoo-hoo!
[all shouting and chattering]
[all] Whoa!
[laughter]
- What a hit, Dunk!
- Yeah!
I mean, now we have to find
another fin ball,
but it's totally worth it
to watch that thing go!
Well, that's what happens
when you have big muscles!
[all laugh]
Oh, it sure is!
If you had hit that fin ball
any further,
it would've gone
to the end of the ocean.
[laughs] Yeah.
The end of the-- wait.
The end of the ocean?
There's no end of the ocean.
It's all one big ocean,
remember?
Well, that's true,
but the ocean must end
somewhere.
Everything ends, right?
Yeah, what about
when you get to land?
Isn't that the end
of the ocean?
- Uh...
Well, the ocean doesn't end
at the land,
it just kind of
goes around it.
Well, I guess that's true.
- Actually, kids...
- Oh!
Ha-ha! Would you believe
that you're all right?
Hi, Flo! What do you mean?
How can we all be right?
Well, Splash,
you and Bubbles are right
because we're all part
of one big ocean.
- Ha-ha!
- See? So we were right.
But Dunk and Ripple
are also right
because the ocean water
does end somewhere.
Okay, so if we were all right,
I have a big question.
[gasps]
Go for it, Ripple.
What is at the end
of the ocean?
- Oh, yeah!
- Good question.
We're having a hard time
figuring it out.
I suppose I could tell you,
but the Reeftown Rangers I know
don't want to be told
any answers.
They like to discover
the answers for themselves.
Oh-ho!
You got that right!
I want to see
the end of the ocean for myself.
Yeah! Me too, me too.
[gasps] It's gonna be
a little tricky to find.
Aw, that's no problem, Flo.
I'm sure we can find it
in no time at all
if we hop on a current!
- Yeah!
- Let's go!
[all cheering and laughing]
Oh, boy.
Here's the fun part.
[all cheering and laughing]
- Hold onto your fins!
- Whoo!
Yeah! All right!
Here we are at, uh...
at, uh-- at more water.
Yeah, this can't be
the end of the ocean.
Yeah, the water keeps going
in all directions.
True, but...
[smacks lips thoughtfully]
there's something a bit
different about this water.
I'm not sure what.
Can't quite put my fin
on it, but...
[smacks lips thoughtfully]
something.
Nah. Water's water!
Well, we should
keep looking around here
because Flo said
there was an end of the ocean,
and she's really smart,
so it's gotta be
around here somewhere.
- Hmm.
Well, I guess we went
the wrong way or something
because, well,
this can't be it.
- Can't be what?
- [all] Whoa!
Uh, just checking, you guys
heard a voice too, right?
- Yeah.
- I definitely heard someone.
- But who?
- That was me.
- [all] Whoa!
- That was who?
Oh, sorry. That was me.
Sal. Sockeye salmon.
Nice to meet you.
Look, I'd love to stay and chat.
But I gotta keep in shape.
I got a big swim coming up.
Big. Big. Big!
Uh, well...
n-nice to meet you, Sal?
- Oh! Where are my manners?
- [all] Oh!
- Good-bye!
- Wait. Wait.
Wait, where are you swimming to,
Sal?
Oh, uh, um, well,
come with me and I'll tell you!
- Okay, come on.
- Wait up, wait up.
Oh, I got a big swim coming up.
Big. Big. Big!
- Going upstream!
- Ohh, upstream?
Do you mean, like,
against the current?
Well, sort of, but instead
of swimming in the ocean,
I'll be swimming in freshwater,
which is why I came here,
where the ocean ends.
So the ocean does end.
Flo was right!
Oh, you bet, in fact,
the ocean water ends very soon!
It does?
What's at the end of the ocean?
- A wall?
- A giant cliff?
Or maybe a giant rock
that's all like,
"No more water
past this point!" [laughs]
Oh, I wish I had time
to answer all these questions,
but all this talk is keeping me
from my big swim!
- It's big, big, big!
- Wait, wait, wait!
But where is the end
of the ocean?!
Oh! He said it was close,
but all I see is water.
[all] Which way is it?!
Uh, come on, guys,
We can catch up to him. Come on.
Uh... uh, Sal?
Hey, Sal.
Hey, Sal,
we had a question for you.
We were-- agh!
Where did he go?
- Coming through!
- [all] Whoa!
Oh, and you kids should know,
the ocean water ends,
but not in the way
you were thinking.
Why-- how does he do that?
What do you mean, Sal?!
- I said the ocean ends.
- [all] Whoa!
I never said anything
about the water ending!
Okay, not only is Sal very fast,
he's also very confusing.
But, Sal, if the water ends,
the ocean must end too
because, well,
the ocean's made of water!
The ocean is made of water.
That much is true.
But the ocean is made
of saltwater,
which isn't the only kind
of water on Earth.
It isn't? But-- but Sal, wait.
We have another question!
- Yeah!
- Yeah, wait up, Sal.
Oh, kids,
I don't have a lot of time.
I got a big, big swim
upstream in the river,
which is made of another
kind of water, freshwater.
- So there's two kinds of water?
- Oh, three, actually.
There's saltwater,
like the ocean,
freshwater,
which has no salt in it,
and then there's a mix
of the fresh and saltwater
called brackish water.
So the two types of water
can mix together!
Sure, in places just like this,
where the water
from the river meets the water
from the ocean.
Oh, wow!
This changes my whole world!
Which is mostly made up
of water.
And there's places made of water
besides the ocean?
A-a-a-and he's gone.
[laughs] I don't know
what's harder to find,
the end of the ocean or Sal!
- Whoa!
- There he is.
Oh, there sure are places
made of water beside the ocean.
There are lakes,
which are bodies of water
surrounded by land,
and there are rivers,
which are big streams
of freshwater
that all flows
in one direction.
- Wow.
- Wow. Wait. Wait.
Wait, wait, wait.
Hang on, Sal.
We've been all around the ocean,
so how come we've never been
to any lakes or rivers before?
You wouldn't like it there.
You're all saltwater fish.
The freshwater in the rivers
would make you guys feel
not too good.
Actually, I'm starting
not to feel so good myself.
Oh, you've spent too much time
in this brackish water.
Once we get you back
to the saltwater,
you'll feel better,
come on, let's go.
All right.
[sighing]
That's better.
Nice and salty.
Just the way I like it.
Yeah! You said it, Dunk.
It was nice
to see a different place,
but it's all saltwater
for me from now on.
- That's probably a good idea.
- Hey, Sal, I don't get it.
I mean, you seem perfectly fine
in the brackish water,
and you still seem fine
here in the saltwater,
so are you a freshwater
or saltwater fish?
Oh, we sockeye salmon can swim
in both fresh and saltwater
with no problems.
Whoa!
Are you, like, a superfish?
[chuckles] No, but we are one
of the very few fish
that can swim
in all kinds of water.
I was born in freshwater,
then I lived in the ocean,
and now I'm going back
to the freshwater
- on my big, big, big swim!
- [laughs]
Wow!
I'm so glad we came here.
Before today, I never knew
there was any such thing
as lakes or rivers
or freshwater.
Yeah, and we definitely never
knew that were incredible fish
who can live in all types
of water like Sal.
Hey-hey!
[chorus] ♪ Ooh ooh,
ooh ooh ooh ♪
- ♪ I never knew ♪
- ♪ Never knew ♪
♪ I never knew about you ♪
♪ And all of the amazing
things you do ♪
- ♪ Yeah, I know ♪
- ♪ I know ♪
♪ You're different than me ♪
♪ The more I learn
who you are ♪
♪ The more I like what I see ♪
♪ There's so many things
about you ♪
- ♪ I never knew ♪
- ♪ Now I do ♪
- ♪ Yes, I do ♪
- ♪ When I met ya ♪
- ♪ I didn't get ya ♪
[both] ♪ I'd never seen anyone
like you before ♪
♪ So glad I took
another look ♪
♪ Every day I'm learni''
more and more ♪
- ♪ I never knew ♪
- ♪ Never knew ♪
♪ I never knew about you ♪
♪ And all the incredible
things you do ♪
- ♪ And you know ♪
- ♪ I know ♪
♪ I'm different than you ♪
♪ Day by day ♪
♪ You got to know me, too ♪
♪ I have a brand-new
point of view ♪
- ♪ I never knew ♪
- ♪ Now I do ♪
- [both] ♪ Yes, I do ♪
- ♪ Yes, I do ♪
♪ In so many ways,
we're different ♪
♪ In many, many ways,
we're not ♪
♪ Ooh ooh ooh ♪
♪ I got to know you
little by little ♪
♪ And little by little,
I found I liked you a lot ♪
- ♪ I never knew ♪
- ♪ Never knew ♪
♪ I never knew about you ♪
[both] ♪ And all of the amazing
things you do ♪
- ♪ Yeah, I know ♪
- ♪ I know ♪
♪ You're different than me ♪
♪ The more I learn
who you are ♪
♪ The more I like what I see ♪
♪ There's so many things
about you ♪
- ♪ I never knew ♪
- ♪ Now I do ♪
- ♪ Yes, I do ♪
- ♪ Whoa ♪
- [laughs]
All right, kids,
I have to head back
if I'm gonna make my big swim.
Say, did I mention
I was going on a swim?
[all laugh]
Yeah. Big, big, big!
[Sal]
That's the one!
If I'm gonna make my swim,
I really gotta keep up
my exercises,
but it was great
meeting you kids.
Next stop, freshwater!
All right, well,
good luck on your swim, Sal.
Thank you! It's a big one!
Big! Big! Big!
But wait,
we came all the way here
and never actually saw
the end of the ocean.
But Dunk,
that brackish water back there
is the start
of where the freshwater
and the saltwater mix.
Oh! Which means
it's the end of the saltwater!
Yeah! Where we were
just playing with Sal
is the end of the ocean.
- You got it!
[all] Flo!
Oh, kids, I am so proud of you
for coming all this way
and finding
the end of the ocean.
Oh, and Flo,
there wasn't a wall or cliff
or anything
at the end of the ocean.
Just more water!
But different water.
Freshwater!
That's exactly right.
And just like
any great explorers,
the Reeftown Rangers have gone
where no ocean fish
has ever gone before,
the freshwater
at the end of the ocean!
- Yeah!
We did it!
Now, that's what you call
swimming right there.
Nicely done, everyone.
Hiya, Wave!
Nice to see you.
Hey, kiddos!
[laughs]
Are you off on another one
of your adventures?
Uh... yeah!
We sure are!
Ooh, good.
So where you off to?
Well, that's just the thing.
We don't know!
We want you to pick
where we're going today.
That way,
no matter where we go,
- it's a surprise adventure.
- Well, this is a great idea.
The only question is,
where should I send you?
Oh, well, any place you want!
The sky's the limit.
Well, not the sky.
We're fish.
So anywhere
in the ocean will be fine.
Well, how about someplace
with lots to see and do?
Ooh, and someplace with lots of
interesting creatures to meet.
Ooh, ooh, ooh!
And someplace really cool.
Someplace really cool, huh?
Well, I know just the place!
In fact,
it's the coolest place around.
- All right!
[all cheering and laughing]
Oh, boy.
Here's the fun part!
[all cheering and laughing]
All right!
Now, let's see
where Wave sent us.
- Wow, it's hard to say.
- I don't get it.
I don't see
any interesting creatures.
Or anything to do.
Hmm, true, but Wave was right
about one thing:
it's definitely cool.
You know, it is pretty brisk.
Almost refreshing.
[laughs]
That's the spirit, Dunk!
Wakes you right up!
Well,
Wave would never steer us wrong.
I'm sure there's lots of
fun stuff to do and see here.
Well, we'll see.
I guess if we keep going,
we're bound to bump
into something.
- Whoa!
- Oh, excuse me.
[gasps] Whoa.
Whoa is right.
It's an iceberg!
No wonder it's so cold.
We must be in the Arctic Ocean!
It's definitely cold
like the Arctic, but wait.
We took the east Australian
current to get here,
and... that goes south,
not north.
Well, if we were going South
this whole time,
this must be...
[all] The Antarctic!
Yep.
Gotta love Antarctica.
It's the kind of place
where a puffer fish
can really stretch out
and relax.
If you can get past
the icebergs, that is.
[laughs] Dunk.
I think
the last time we were here,
we were all so cold,
we-- we didn't take the time
to appreciate how beautiful
Antarctica really is.
Yeah,
look at all these icebergs
and this clear blue water.
And the cold.
Yeah, that too.
[laughs]
I think we need to start moving
to keep warm.
And besides, if we're moving,
we might find a new friend.
Like a penguin!
[all gasp] Pebbles!
Where? I love pebbles!
Small ones, big ones...
Wait,
so you're not Pebbles?
Pebbles?
No, I'm Dive. See?
- Hi, everybody!
- [all] Whoa!
Sorry, everybody.
I didn't mean to send you
flipping and flopping.
I'm just so excited.
I don't see many fish like you
around here.
Well, you haven't seen us
because we're from a place
called Reeftown.
We're the Reeftown Rangers!
Fearless explorers.
Whoa! Fearless explorers?
That sounds amazing!
Oh, it is,
we travel all over the ocean,
seeing lots of stuff and meeting
interesting ocean creatures.
- Just like you, Dive.
- Really? Me?
Interesting?
Whoa, thanks!
So, what else
do you Reeftown Rangers do?
Well, uh, so much stuff.
Where to begin?
- Ha-ha-ha!
- Whoa!
[all] ♪ From the coves
to the caves ♪
♪ To the forests of kelp ♪
♪ We're on the case,
we need everyone's help ♪
♪ To keep our great ocean
so clean and so blue ♪
♪ Dive in, lend a fin,
there's so much to do ♪
[upbeat vocal music]
♪ No reef is too big,
no job is too small ♪
♪ We're protecting the ocean
for one and for all ♪
[all] ♪ We are
the Reeftown Rangers ♪
♪ Makin' a difference,
working together ♪
♪ Let's go!
We are the Reeftown Rangers ♪
♪ Ocean friends forever ♪
♪ Wherever we're needed,
we'll be there, you know ♪
♪ It's time
to get right to it ♪
♪ We're up for adventure,
and we're ready to go ♪
♪ We love to help,
and we can't wait to do it ♪
Come on!
♪ We're leading the way
to excitement and fun ♪
♪ We're protecting the ocean,
there's much to be done ♪
[all]
♪ From the coves to the caves ♪
♪ To the forests of kelp ♪
♪ We're on the case ♪
♪ We need everyone's help ♪
♪ To keep our great ocean
so clean and so blue ♪
♪ Dive in, lend a fin,
there's so much to do ♪
♪ We are the Reeftown Rangers ♪
♪ Makin' a difference,
working together ♪
Let's go!
♪ We are the Reeftown Rangers ♪
♪ Ocean friends forever ♪
♪ Ocean friends forever-r-r ♪
Oh... boy, oh, boy, oh, boy,
I can't wait to show you guys
all the amazing things
the Antarctic has to offer.
If you...
well, come on, you guys.
If you want to see everything,
we gotta go.
We're coming.
It's just taking us a s-second.
If you're a little chilly,
I know just what you guys need.
It's an old penguin trick
for staying warm.
R-r-really?
Wh-wh-what is it?
It's called cuddling.
We're warm-blooded,
so when we penguins get cold,
we huddle up together,
and we keep each other warm.
- Try it!
- Oh, okay.
I'll try anything to stay warm.
Okay. Think warm.
Think warm.
Warm thoughts.
I don't think
this is working, Dive.
This just tickles,
and I don't feel any warmer.
Yeah, maybe
we're doing it wrong.
Oh, yeah.
Well,
fish aren't really warm-blooded,
so this might not even work
anyway.
Whoo! Guys, this really tickles.
[whooping]
- [all scream]
- Sorry.
[Bubbles] Hey, guys,
if you think that was funny,
- I got a joke for you.
- Ooh.
What sits and shivers
at the bottom of the ocean?
Uh, what?
Me! I'm freezing!
[laughs]
[Ripple] Not me! I'm feeling
nice and toasty.
Ripple, wh-where are you?
Here!
Huh?
What? He's a good cuddler.
[Splash laughing]
Well,
I've had a lot of practice.
Where I live, above the surface,
my family and I cuddle up
to keep warm all the time.
Come on!
Group hug?
[all sigh]
Oh, that is so much better.
Great. So what's next?
Should we play a game?
Ooh, or some sight-seeing?
Or more cuddling?
I love cuddling.
I don't know, Dive.
I think we're starting
to slow down here.
It's cold.
Yeah, that's just our bodies
telling us
it's time to go home soon.
Oh. Already?
But I was having so much fun!
Playing
with the Reeftown Rangers,
it was almost like
I was one myself,
which would be just so amazing.
Oh, well, uh... [gasps]
well, Dive, you know, it's clear
you really love the ocean,
and that's just what we look for
in a Reeftown Ranger.
And you have
a great sense of adventure.
Yeah. That's right.
I think we should make you
an honorary Reeftown Ranger.
- Yeah!
- Great idea!
Yes, yes, yes!
I want to be a Reeftown Ranger!
I do, I do!
Great! Glad to have you
as part of our club.
Now, let's do
the Reeftown Ranger cheer!
- [all] Ocean Friends Forever!
- [Dive] Ocean... friends...
Forever! Yay!
I'll get it next time.
Okay, so... let's go.
After all,
I am a Reeftown Ranger.
I guess that means
I have to live in Reeftown.
But Dive,
you're a bird, not a fish.
There's no land for you
to live on in Reeftown.
Hmm.
Well, that's okay.
We gentoo penguins
are pretty good swimmers.
I can go as fast as
22 miles per hour in the water.
That's a lot faster
than I can go on land.
Wow. Well, Dive...
I guess if you want to come,
it's okay with us.
[laughs] Yeah.
I'm gonna be a Reeftown Ranger!
- Whoo!
- Ha-ha-ha!
Well, I'm gonna be an iceberg
if we don't get going.
Okay. Let's go to Reeftown!
Whoo-hoo!
So are we there yet?
- Uh...
Well, Dive, we just left, so--
Oh, right.
Sorry.
Are we in Reeftown now?
[all] Uh...
Dive,
Reeftown is really far away.
We had to take three currents
just to get here.
Three currents?!
Whoa, that's a long trip!
How will my family come
to visit me
when I live in Reeftown?
We gentoo penguins can only go
about 15 miles away
from the land.
Well, Dive, Reeftown's a lot
further than 15 miles away.
Huh. Well,
when they do come to visit,
we can all stay
in a nice, cool spot, right?
Actually, Dive, the water's
a lot warmer in Reeftown
than it is here.
So... no cuddling?
Not much, no.
I have a question.
Can you be a Reeftown Ranger
and not live in Reeftown?
Sure!
Being a Reeftown Ranger
is all about
taking care of the ocean.
That's right, Dive, so as long
as you love to explore
and meet new creatures
and teach them
all about your love
of the ocean,
well, then, you'll always be
a Reeftown Ranger,
- Yeah!
- [gasps] Oh!
Thank you!
Thank you! Thank you!
I cannot wait
to go tell my friends and family
all about my new best buddies,
the Reeftown Rangers!
- Yeah!
- [laughs] You do that, Dive.
And I bet by the time
we come back to Antarctica,
you'll have some new recruits
for us.
I will for sure!
I'm gonna go start
looking for them now!
- All right, bye!
- Good luck, Dive!
You too,
fellow Reeftown Rangers!
[all] Ocean friends forever!
[upbeat music]
♪ Da da, da da ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Oooh ♪
♪ Da da, da da ♪
♪ Ooh ooh, ooh ooh ♪
♪ Da da da da da ♪